feat(fdb): new doc db - MTA-3490 (#2000)
scaleway/docs-content: managed-databases/document-database/how-to/create-a-database-instance.mdx

<Macro id="iam-requirements" />

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
</Message>

1. Click **Document Databases** under **Managed Databases** on the side menu, if you do not have a Database Instance already created, the creation page displays.
2. Click **Create a Database Instance**. The creation wizard displays.
3. Complete the following steps in the wizard:
    - Select **FerretDB** as a database engine.
    - Choose a region. This is the geographical location where your database will be deployed.
    - Select a database configuration. You can choose between:
        - **High Availability**: creates a secondary node with an up-to-date replica of the database. If the primary Instance fails, the secondary takes over requests.
        - **Standalone**: creates a standalone database provisioned on a single node.
    - Select a node type.

>     - Define the size of your Block Storage volume. You can increase your storage space without changing your node type, with no downtime. You can increase your volume to up to 50 GB.

Reviewer: "volume to up to 50 GB" -> "volume to up to 10 TB" (like managed db for postgresql)

    - Enable automatic backups, if necessary.
    - Add a name and set a password for your user.
    <Message type="important">
    Your username must adhere to specific criteria.
      - Length must be between 1 and 63 characters
      - First character must be an alphabetic character (**a-Za-Z**)
      - It can not start with **_rdb**
      - Only **a-zA-Z0-9_$-** characters are accepted
    </Message>
    - Enter a name for your Database Instance.
    - Tick the checkbox if you wish to share telemetry data with FerretDB.
    <Message type="important">

>       This option is available during the [Public Beta](https://www.scaleway.com/en/betas/) phase of Document Databases. It allows you to contribute with the FerretDB Open Source project. Only request types, such as find and aggregate, will be collected and shared. Request parameters or response content is not collected nor shared. Refer to the official Ferret DB [documentation page on telemetry](https://docs.ferretdb.io/telemetry/) for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      This option is available during the [Public Beta](https://www.scaleway.com/en/betas/) phase of Document Databases. It allows you to contribute with the FerretDB Open Source project. Only request types, such as find and aggregate, will be collected and shared. Request parameters or response content are neither collected nor shared. Refer to the official Ferret DB [documentation page on telemetry](https://docs.ferretdb.io/telemetry/) for more information.
```
